# ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION OF CLEARWATER FARMS Unit #1 PROPERTY OWNERS

ASSOCIATION

## KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS:

That we, the undersigned persons whose residences and post office addresses are
set forth herein below do here by adopt these Articles of Incorporation of and
for Clearwater Farms Property owners Association a non-profit corporation.

### ARTICLE I 

The name and addresses of all the incorporators are:

Harold Branch - 4801 West Lavey . Glendale, Arizona 85306 Ph. 938-1921

Barry Wickliffe 5622 North 19th Place Phoenix, Arizona 85016 Ph. 263 -0821

The purpose for which this corporation is organized is the transaction of any
and all lawful business for which corporations may be incorporated under the
laws of the State of Arizona as they may be amended from time to time, and
specifically but not in limitation thereof, the purpose of to acquire and hold
title to, manage, maintain and improve the roadways, and irrigation system as
set forth in the Declaration of Conditions, Covenants and Restrictions for
Clearwater Farms as recorded in Docket 13887, Page 1009-1019, Maricopa County,
Arizona Recorder's Office, and to do all other things necessary, appropriate or
association, and in accordance with these articles, the By-Laws, and any adopted
rules and regulations.

### ARTICLE II

The corporation initially intends to conduct the business of an owners
association which includes acquiring and holding title to, managing, maintaining
and improving the common areas, roadways and irrigation ditches at Clearwater
Farms, a subdivision of Maricopa County, Arizona, including expansions thereof.

### ARTICLE III

This corporation will be a non-profit corporation as authorized by the
provisions of Arizona Revised Statutes, Title 10, Chapter 1, Article 16.

### ARTICLE IV

The initial Board of Directors of the corporation were elected at a meeti ting
held at Phoenix, Arizona, at 10:00 A.M. on April 20, 1982 and it consists of the
following individuals: Harold Branch, 4801 W. Lavey, Glendale, Az. 85306 Bill
Carter, p. O. Box 14504, Phoenix, Arizona 85063 Barry Wickliffe 5622 N. 19th
Pl., Phoenix, Az. 85016

### ARTICLE V

Membership in this corporation shall be limited solely to those individuals
owning or purchasing under contract, one or more lots within Clearwater Farms,
or lots of any future additional units or expansions of said subdivision
qualifying for membership in this corporation pursuant to said recorded
Amendment to Declaration of Restrictions. The corporation shall issue one
certificate evidencing membership to such owner or owners of record or contract
purchasers of each lot (including past owners/purchasers who have voluntarily
joined the Association) within the above-described property. In the event any
lot or parcel within the above-described property is owned or is being purchased
by two or more persons, a single certificate shall be issued in the name of one
of the persons who shall have the power to vote the said certificate. Each
certificate shall have the rights, privileges, limitations, prohibitions,
restrictions, and other attributes and shall be issued on such terms and at such
times as provided by the Amendment to Declaration of Restrictions, Recorded
Restrictions, By-Laws and Rules and Regulations of this corporation. Failure to
issue the certificate shall not abridge the provisions of this Article.

### ARTICLE VI

The corporation shall have one class of voting membership, with each membership
lot having one vote.

### ARTICLE VII

These Articles of Incorporation may be amended upon an affirmative vote of 66
2/3 of all the members of the corporation, at a lawfully held meeting, provided
no amendment shall be in conflict with said recorded Amendment to Declaration of
Restrictions. The members, officers and directors of the corporation shall not
be individually or personally liable for the corporation's debts or other
liabilities, and the private property of such individuals shall be exempt from
any corporate debts or liabilities.

### ARTICLE VIII

The name and address of the initial statutory agent of the corporation is Harold
Branch, 4801 West Lavey, Glendale, Arizona 85306. ARTICLE IX

The known place of Business of the corporation shall be 4000 North 7th Street,
Phoenix, Arizona 85014,

### ARTICLE XI

The number. of persons to serve on the Board of Directors shall be fixed By the
members of the Association at the first annual meeting called for that purpose
and the

Board of Directors shall be composed of not less than three and not more than 10
members as provided in the By-Laws.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, we the undersigned, have hereunto placed our signatures this
20 day of April 82.

signed> Harold Branch

signed> Barry Wickliffe

AZ. CORP. COMMISSION FOR THE STATE OF AZ. FILED MAY 5 4:48 PM '82
